I'd like to withdraw $1 million.
Well, where's your security?
[clicks tongue] Uh…
[nervous laugh] Uh--
Yo, we need to go.
What's taking so long?
Nolan, I'm busy right now. Ok?
Can you just give me some time?
I need the money.
-Name?
-Jimmy.
What do you want the money for, Johnny?
Jimmy, and I really can't tell you.
Ok, what's your job?
I make YouTube videos.
[chuckles]
What is your job?
Yo! Our tanks are getting towed.
The sign says 30 minute parking.
Just go figure it out.
Go figure it out.
What on Earth are you going to do
with $1 million?
It's a secret.
I really can't tell you.
You gotta tell me,
or we have no more to discuss.
Uh, can you guys give us a minute?
You guys as well, can you all just…
Yeah.
Yeah, and you should go with them
if you're not gonna tell me--
Listen here, granny.
I'm doing a super secret
Super Bowl commercial
where I'm giving away $1 million
and we’re hiding it
in a base in the desert.
And the last thing I need
is this million dollars.
Desert? I thought it would be cooler.
Cooler?
It's a vault with $1 million,
with a giant base,
hundreds of guards,
thousands of lasers.
How is that not cool?
Hey, Jim.
We really need to speed this up.
I've got Salesforce on the line.
Oh!
-Are you ok?
-I love Salesforce.
-Me and Marc need the million dollars.
-Ah! Oh, Johnny.
You know Marc Benioff?
I know him, yeah…
Mr. Marc Benioff?
Yeah, and he would love it
if you gave us the money.
That million dollars? Yeah.
Oh yes, absolutely.
[Jimmy] Yup, you got it.
Right there.
Send over a million dollars
immediately for Johnny. Yes.
Uh, it's right there.
The million dollars is right there.
My favorite Salesforce tool is Slack.
-[Jimmy stuttering]
-My bank uses it all the time!
I love to hear that.
Yeah.
By the way, during the fourth quarter
of the game this Sunday
is when our commercial will air.
You gonna watch it?
Oh, oh, I would never miss it.
Ok, you might win $1 million!
Bye, Johnny!
Are you kidding me?
Jimmy's never gonna believe this.